---
layout: post
title: "App4.Pro Planner Manager v2210 released"
category: Blog
description: Apps4.Pro Planner Manager v2210 released
brief: The wait is over!!! We are happy today to announce our next big update for Apps4.Pro Planner Manager. We are very excited with your overwhelming response for the beta (v2200) we have published via our Yammer last month.
keywords: []
tags: [Planner Manager]
image: /assets/img/apps4pro-planner-manager-v2210-release/banner-header.png
---

Hi All, 

 The wait is over!!! We are happy today to announce our next big update
for Apps4.Pro Planner Manager. We are very excited with your
overwhelming response for the beta (v2200) we have published via our
[Yammer](https://www.yammer.com/apps4pro) last month. Many users have
tested it and provided their feedback. Thanks for spending your valuable
time in testing this app and sharing your feedback. We are very serious
with your feedbacks and have included many new features to this release
as well as improved many existing features and made the app to work for
you. Below are the list of new features and improvements we have made.

#### Refreshed UI 
The first joy of the release is the refreshed UI. We have completely
redesigned the UI of the app and introduced tab style menu which reduces
the number of clicks you make to perform each action and provides you
the clear visibility of the menu items under each tab.

![](/assets/img/apps4pro-planner-manager-v2210-release/refreshed-ui.png)

#### Sub task 

Now add Start / Due date, Assignment, Comments to task checklists. By
this way you can use checklist items as sub tasks in Planner as the app
links the parent task with the sub task. Read ["How to create sub tasks
for Microsoft Planner tasks using Apps4.Pro Planner
Manager"](http://www.jijitechnologies.com/blogs/office365-planner-subtasks)blog
for more details on this feature.

![](/assets/img/apps4pro-planner-manager-v2210-release/sub-task.png)

 Moreover you can view the sub tasks from Gantt chart view and update
its details from there.
![](/assets/img/apps4pro-planner-manager-v2210-release/sub-task-gantt.png)



#### Share Gantt chart with External users 
Share Gantt chart with users / managers who are not the member of your
Office 365 Group. This feature works with the help of Apps4.Pro Gantt
Excel add-in (Free add-in).

![](/assets/img/apps4pro-planner-manager-v2210-release/share-gantt.png)



#### Other important features 

**Excel formula support** Create Excel file with formulas to calculate
and populate Start / Due date for tasks for single date and import the
excel in Planner Manager. Before the import process begins the app will
ask for the date and based on the input value and excel formulae it will
compute the dates for other tasks and create it in Planner. This will be
very useful for projects that use project start / end date to compute
dates for other tasks. 

 **Create and Import Task Template** Select tasks from a plan and save
it as task template. Whenever you create a new plan just key in the Plan
name alone and select the template. The app will create the Plan and the
Tasks as in the task template you have selected. This template can also
be used to add tasks to existing plan. Modifications (Add / remove
tasks) to this task template can be performed easily. 

 **Backup tasks** Schedule daily / weekly / monthly back up of plans and
tasks. The app will back up the plan and task details in excel / csv
format in your local folder or in OneDrive. 

 **Send report** Email the reports as attachments to users from the app.

 **Manage Plan Members** You can now add / remove users to plans from
the app.

Please download the latest version of the app from
[http://apps4.pro/planner-manager-download.aspx](http://apps4.pro/planner-manager-download.aspx)

 Join our Yammer network to see what other users say about this app and
to get support for your questions
[https://www.yammer.com/apps4pro](https://www.yammer.com/apps4pro)
